DAO chats within Alchemy
And I think it’s better to only turn on commenting for everyone 😉

This is the first of a hopefully larger scope of work to make the DAO experience on Alchemy more fun, social and easy. At the center of this experience is the creation of a chat interface for DAOs using RocketChat, with many possible integrations, and the ability to create things like bot to greatly improve and simplify onboarding. 

Token Requested: 10 ETH
Rep Requested: 200 REP

Scope
The scope of this project involves creating a cryptonative chat specifically tailored to the DAOStack community. Through this interface community members will be able to access their account functionality via a custom chat room.

The room will hold a variety of bot functions that allows for voting and sending funds via L2 technology. 

Why is this important? 
The project will provide for an intuitive chat interface with a variety of beneficial features (which will be rolled out over time):
Bot onboarding flow
Access to account details
Voting and proposal submission
Sending funds
Linking with Trello and PM tools
This access is designed for more seamless comms via both web and mobile. It also puts power into the hands of the Chat Admin who can adjust the bots available for the community through a visual code interface called NodeRed.

Benefit to Genesis DAO
The tools provided by the DAOStack Chat will result in a novel experience for members to participate in the community. Each DAO will be able to take control of their specific onboarding flow to suit their specific mission. Basic features, such as voting and proposal making, will all be enabled within the chat bot commands. Another point is that the integration will allow for voting via L2, which means feeless and instant processing for the community. On top of this, it will allow the DAOStack ecosystem to move away from discord, which there have been complaints of before.

Deliverables
DAOStack chatroom with NodeRed access to add/modify features and product flows. This funding and rep will provide for a preliminary iteration of the chat interface with some functionality such as submitting proposals/polls, voting, token permissioned rooms, and sending funds. There will need to be further proposals and design sprints to refine and continue lowering the friction for engagement with DAO members.

Completion Date
The DAOStack chatroom implementation will go through a series of sprints to be completed early next year. We can come out with a Beta by mid Dec, gather feedback in the weeks following, and then complete a V1 iteration by January 15th.

About Proposers
James Y comes from a deep background in web2 gaming development. Since entering the web3 space he assisted with the AdChain TCR, was head of engineering at Spankchain, and built the Moloch DAO contracts. He comes with a wealth of background and prioritizes shipping with great user experience.

James D worked on the Ethereum grants program for 8 months in 2018. There he gathered a sense of the front edge of development for the ecosystem. Since James has been focused on both decentralized governance, and most recently with Abridged, UX design.
